#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile dask-requirements.in
#
affine==2.3.1
    # via rasterio
aioboto3==9.3.1
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
aiobotocore[boto3]==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   aioboto3
    #   s3fs
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   dask-cloudprovider
    #   jupyter-server-proxy
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.10.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
anyio==3.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pooch
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asciitree==0.3.3
    # via zarr
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via scramp
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cfgrib
    #   eccodes
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
awswrangler==2.16.1
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
babel==2.10.3
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydap
    #   redshift-connector
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
blosc==1.10.6
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
bokeh==2.4.3
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   dask-labextension
boto3==1.20.24
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
    #   awswrangler
    #   redshift-connector
botocore==1.23.24
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
    #   awswrangler
    #   boto3
    #   redshift-connector
    #   s3transfer
bottleneck==1.3.5
    # via xarray
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via
    #   opensearch-py
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   eccodes
cfgrib==0.9.10.1
    # via xarray
cftime==1.6.1
    # via
    #   nc-time-axis
    #   netcdf4
    #   xarray
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   cfgrib
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   distributed
    #   rasterio
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via rasterio
cloudpickle==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dask[complete]==2022.7.1 
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   dask-cloudprovider
    #   distributed
    #   xarray
dask-cloudprovider==2022.5.0
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
dask-labextension==5.2.0
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
debugpy==1.6.2
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jsonpath-ng
    #   retry
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distributed==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   dask-cloudprovider
    #   dask-labextension
docopt==0.6.2
    # via pydap
eccodes==1.4.2
    # via cfgrib
# ecmwflibs==0.4.6
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
executing==0.8.3
    # via stack-data
fasteners==0.17.3
    # via zarr
fastjsonschema==2.16.1
    # via nbformat
findlibs==0.0.2
    # via
    #   eccodes
    #   ecmwflibs
fonttools==4.34.4
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2022.5.0
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   kerchunk
    #   s3fs
    #   xarray
graphviz==0.8.1
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
h5netcdf==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   xarray
h5py==3.7.0
    # via h5netcdf
heapdict==1.0.1
    # via zict
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
ipykernel==6.15.1
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.4.0
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
jedi==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-cloudprovider
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pydap
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
json5==0.9.8
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpath-ng==1.5.3
    # via awswrangler
jsonschema==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.3.4
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.18.1
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server-proxy
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-proxy==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   dask-labextension
jupyterlab==3.4.4
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   dask-labextension
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
kerchunk @ git+https://github.com/intake/kerchunk.git@0.0.5
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.38.1
    # via numba
locket==1.0.0
    # via partd
lxml==4.9.1
    # via redshift-connector
lz4==3.1.10
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.5.2
    # via
    #   nc-time-axis
    #   seaborn
    #   xarray
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
msgpack==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   distributed
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nbclassic==0.4.3
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.6.6
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nc-time-axis==1.4.1
    # via xarray
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
netcdf4==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   xarray
notebook==6.4.12
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.1.0
    # via nbclassic
numba==0.55.2
    # via numbagg
numbagg==0.2.1
    # via xarray
numcodecs==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   zarr
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   awswrangler
    #   bokeh
    #   bottleneck
    #   cfgrib
    #   cftime
    #   dask
    #   eccodes
    #   h5py
    #   matplotlib
    #   nc-time-axis
    #   netcdf4
    #   numba
    #   numbagg
    #   numcodecs
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydap
    #   rasterio
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   seawater
    #   snuggs
    #   xarray
    #   zarr
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via awswrangler
opensearch-py==1.1.0
    # via awswrangler
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   h5netcdf
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pooch
    #   redshift-connector
    #   xarray
pandas==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   awswrangler
    #   dask
    #   seaborn
    #   xarray
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.2.0
    # via dask
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pg8000==1.22.1
    # via awswrangler
pickle5==0.0.11
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.2.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
pooch==1.6.0
    # via xarray
progressbar2==3.55.0
    # via awswrangler
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.30
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.1
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via retry
pyarrow==6.0.1
    # via awswrangler
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydap==3.2.2
    # via xarray
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pymysql==1.0.2
    # via awswrangler
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   snuggs
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-utils==3.3.3
    # via progressbar2
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
    #   redshift-connector
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
pyzmq==23.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
rasterio==1.3.0
    # via xarray
redshift-connector==2.0.908
    # via awswrangler
requests==2.28.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pooch
    #   redshift-connector
    #   requests-aws4auth
requests-aws4auth==1.1.2
    # via awswrangler
retry==0.9.2
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
s3fs==2022.5.0
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
s3transfer==0.5.2
    # via boto3
scipy==1.8.1
    # via
    #   seaborn
    #   xarray
scramp==1.4.1
    # via
    #   pg8000
    #   redshift-connector
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via xarray
seawater==3.3.4
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
simpervisor==0.4
    # via jupyter-server-proxy
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   jsonpath-ng
    #   progressbar2
    #   pydap
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-aws4auth
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.3.0
    # via ipython
tblib==1.7.0
    # via distributed
terminado==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   dask-cloudprovider
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.63.0
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
traitlets==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   aioitertools
    #   bokeh
ujson==5.4.0
    # via kerchunk
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
webob==1.8.7
    # via pydap
websocket-client==1.3.3
    # via jupyter-server
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via aiobotocore
xarray[complete]==0.21.1
    # via -r dask-requirements.in
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zarr==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r dask-requirements.in
    #   xarray
zict==2.2.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.8.1
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
